All right. We've reached the end of this lesson.
Congratulations. Throughout this lesson,
we covered a ton of new material on the blockchain as a dataset.
We walked through some of the basic ideas,
like when to use a blockchain?
And how it compares to other possibilities?
From there, you explored blockchain data using the Blockchain Explorer.
Finally, we covered a few core ideas like peer-to-peer versus the client server model.
How the mining process controls the chain and softforks versus hardforks.
We'll continue building on these ideas in the next lesson,
where we start working with the Bitcoin Core Client.
We put a quick overview of this lesson down below the video.
Check this out for a few more details,
and when you're ready, we'll see you in the next lesson.